Update managing_user_subscriptions.md (#6781)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/email/managing_user_subscriptions.md

This way, you don't have to create a new footer for every email template or email campaign you use. For steps, refer to [Custom email footer]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/email/custom_email_footer/).

#### Managing subscription states for Chinese IP addresses

> If you anticipate that your email recipients will have a Chinese IP address, then you should not rely solely on an unsubscribe link in the footer of your email to maintain your `unsubscribed` lists. Instead, use a [list unsubscribe header]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/administrative/app_settings/email_settings#enable-list-unsubscribe-header). In addition, consider offering multiple additional methods for users to unsubscribe, such as a [custom unsubscribe page]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/administrative/app_settings/email_settings/?tab=custom%20unsubscribe%20page#subscription-pages-and-footers) or an [opt-in page]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/administrative/app_settings/email_settings/?tab=custom%20opt-in%20page).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you anticipate that your email recipients will have a Chinese IP address, then you should not rely solely on an unsubscribe link in the footer of your email to maintain your `unsubscribed` lists. Instead, use a [list unsubscribe header]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/administrative/app_settings/email_settings#enable-list-unsubscribe-header). In addition, consider offering multiple additional methods for users to unsubscribe, such as a [custom unsubscribe page]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/email/managing_user_subscriptions#creating-a-custom-unsubscribe-page) or an [opt-in page]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/email/managing_user_subscriptions#creating-a-custom-opt-in-page).
```

![Custom unsubscribe email in the Custom Unsubscribe Page panel.][11]

> #### Navigating unsubscribe links on a Chinese IP address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Managing subscription states for Chinese IP addresses
```
